The main goal of the website is to advertise two essential company services:
    1. We buy/trade/consign lab equipment
    2. We sell lab equipment

Goals of the content:
    1. Services have to be clear
    2. The content has to be searchable by Google
    3. Visible part of the website must clearly state who we are and what we do. 

Content Structure:
    1. (Note: Visible part)
        We Buy/Trade/Consign Lab Equipment
        We Sell Lab Equipment
    2. Hero section
        Your source for Pharmaceutical, Life Sciences, and Biotech lab equipment
        Transform your underutilized lab equipment into a valuable resource with BioLabSource Company.
        (Notes: we clearly state which kind of lab equipment we're dealing with)
    3. Why BioLabSourceCompany?
        1. You dispose or trade your unused equipment
        2. You unclutter the space
        3. We Streamline Lab Equipment Management for you
        4. We handle equipment selling, logistics, and fund management
        5. We partner with Pharmaceutical and Biotech Laboratories 
        6. We sell worldwide
    4. How It Works
        Effortless Equipment Disposition
        1.Inventory Submission:
            Send us a detailed inventory list of your equipment.
        2. FREE Consultation:
            Our team will promptly reach out via email or phone to discuss your inventory.
        3. Offer Reception:
            If your inventory catches our interest, we'll present you with an offer. Acceptance leads to a Purchase Order.
        4. Convenient Pick-Up:
            Our dedicated logistics team will coordinate a hassle-free pick-up directly from your facility.
        5. Prompt Payment:
            Receive payment upon pick-up through wire transfer or check.
    5. Contact us
        Get in Touch with Our Support Team
        We're here to assist you. Fill out the form below and our team will be in touch shortly 
        to address your inquiries or discuss how we can best support your needs.

        Contact Form
    
    